Abilities and Themes  - Nuclear Fusion, Decomposition - Space - Yatagarasu Shrine - Souther from HNK - Atomic Particles

Concepts - PLaying cards raises some resource - Cards get more erratic the higher the resource gets, but more powerful. 

Cards splitting into alpha/beta/gamma radiation?? - Clog up the deck, representative of nuclear waste

Nuclear Waste would be burns 

Energy Generation - Cost of Card = Weight

Stance system to keep track of current element - Cards can put you in a state of fission or fusion, next card played expends it. 

OR

Stance checks what weight you're at - Higher weight = more power, lower weight = more defence, going from high to low generates energy/vice versa 

Fusion generates random cards/Fission generates token cards = Both are exhausted as fuel. 

Mechanically - Energy Generation, Card Generation - both random and token - Exhaustion - Powers

Balanced by Poor draw power. 

Relic generates energy, but ending the turn with unspent energy - you take damage. 

Handful of x cards to consume energy. 

Grave Shoot
Banishing Strike

Keyword - Chain Reaction - Play this card again for each card played this turn
Power - All cards you play have Chain Reaction

Fusion - Exhaust a card - get a card of the next highest energy - if exhausting a - if no cards in hand, generate an unplayable card

Hellbound - If this is the last card in your hand - do x 

Burning Desire - Exhaust your hand - Put a card from ANYWHERE into your hand 

Fuel Rod Manipulation - Can open or close fuel rods. The more rods open, the more damage you take, but the more energy you gain 33% each OR produce burns on damage taken 

Colours - Blazing Hell Yellow, Cherenkov Radiation Blue 
Cherenkov Radiation Blue - #2ed3ff
Blazing Hell Yellow - #F6F702
Reiuji Clothes Green - #00b245

Artificial Sun HAS to do the WARNING WARNING WARNING thing 


Draw a card - It's cost becomes 0 and it gains ethereal.

+ 1 Energy Per Turn, Add a Burn to your hand every turn. 

Leg of Decomposition - When Burns Exhaust, become random cards

Control Rod Discharge - Control Rod Remains Open - No Longer Provides Energy - Repeats an Effect Every Turn Instead.

Decay - Retain - If This Card Is In The Discard Pile - Perform an Effect 

Overload - Does x - can be played for reduced cost, where it does x to You as well

Needs a third archetype between last card in hand and exhaust mechanics. 

Half Life-  For every 1/2,1/4,1/8 hp you're at, double the effectiveness of this card.

Twice As Bright - Double Energy, Fill Hand With Burns

Two Steps Forward - ????

Beloved Radon Daughter

Apply Random Negative/Positive Effect // Random Stat Buff Debuff

Overdrive +3/-1 stats over time?

- not for okuu but - Double a Targets HP, it is stunned for a turn

Falling Sun - At the beginning of next turn, fuse all cards in your hand

Adding a theme - Patience/Planning - or things will go disasterously wrong. Cards like Panic Button. Maybe a generalised next turn theme? Represent gamma particles?

Self Takomak - 3 cost flame barrier. 

Consider giving a 5 cost card Chain Reaction. 

At the end of turn - play all cards in hand. 

Emergency Shutdown - Gain 1 (2) intangible, clear all debuffs, skip your next turn.

Becquerel and Call

Maximum Length of a Card Name in STS is about 18 characters long.

Work out how to animate okuu's corpse so the stars flit along.

Change the card borders to the right colour..? Probably green.


Simple heat mechanic! Heat builds up, increasing damage at breakpoints. If you overheat, the next attack does double and ends the turn. Controlling heat is the major mechanic. Next card, not attack?
When you overheat, choose from 1 of 3 criticality errors. End turn, take damage,start next turn with less damage, lose strength, lose Dex. Etc

Maybe instead move through 3 forms, gamma, beta, alpha, getting stronger each time. Going through a full shift gives 1 heat. Heat works like expected.

Performing ACTION will generate Heat. Each heat increases damage by 25%. At 4 heat, the next action will remove all heat, be doubled, then receive backlash.

On each form shift generate heat?

Braid of fire - gain another energy every turn. At the end of turn, take unspent energy as damage.

Astral heat - take another turn after this one. At the end of that turn, take 108 damage.

Card - X spells you cast gain +2 
